I am writing you with regards this opening position requiring a background in Computer Vision (and possibly Machine Learning). 

I currently started to work at the scikit-learn headquarters in a project founded by Florida State University. The aim is contribute to scikit-learn and do research in Radiomix describing prostate cancer. Before that I did a Post-Doctoral at Laboratoire Electronique, Informatique et Image (Le2i), Universite de Bourgogne. During this period I worked and coordinated a reduced group of researchers applying machine learning and computer vision to a variety of problems from remote sensing, quality control, non destructive inspection; up to medical imaging, data mining or data visualization. Plus, a teaching load in software engineering and image processing.

Moreover, I hold a PhD in medical imaging (Segmenting breast lesions in Ultra-Sound images), an Erasmus Mundus masters in computer vision and robotics (VIBOT) and a bachelor in computer science. During my studies, previous to my PhD program, I was a member of the underwater robotics laboratory at University of Girona. Where I was developing embedded systems using DSP MCUs with to main applications: (i) developing US location of an acoustic pinger, and (ii) developing proactive systems for premature speaker failure to be applied to large public addressing systems.

Based on these experiences, which have provided me with may skills and good understanding of the research, development and production processes of software and electronic products and prototypes, I feel confident in my ability to accommodate to different situations, people and scenarios, appreciating the exchange and discussion of ideas among team members as an essential path towards more comprehensive ideas.

I believe that Vizrt is the right place to continue my career, and I would welcome an opportunity to discuss my qualifications and interests with you. 

Thank you for your consideration. I look forward to hearing from you.

----------

Dr said I was not cut for sport. I got out of the room with IRONMAN in my head (I was 19). My next challenge is Industry after a life in academia 
----------
1 rue Honoré d'Estienne d'Orves Bâtiment Alan Turing Campus de l'École Polytechnique




http://vizrt.theresumator.com/apply/sHZh5zAmry/Software-Engineer-C?source=LINKEDIN#
